
## JAVASCRIPT PROJECTS 

The JavaScript Project is an opportunity for bootcamp students to:  
●Begin to  pull together many different things they’ve learned so far.   
●Work on a more extensive and more complicated case study than labs and exercises as preludes to the Angular Project and Final Project. 
●Collaborate with teammates on a software project, experiencing the need for proper version control and project management The majority of 3 days will be committed to  the project (although outside work may still be required) and there will be multiple check-ins during those days to make sure groups are on-track.    
The entire group will work together on one of the three projects. Take a little time to decide which one you want to   tackle, because once you get started, you cannot move to   another project. Possible projects: 

●Memory Game 
●Point-Of-Sale Website 
●Budget Buddy 

See the following pages for more information on each project. Please recognize that the descriptions are minimum versions; it’s hoped each group will go beyond these requirements and incorporate features of interest to   them. 

## **ALL CHOICES MUST BE MADE MOBILE FIRST AND MUST ALSO INCLUDE A DESKTOP LAYOUT.**


MEMORY GAME We   all   remember   the   classic   memory   game   where   we   had   to   choose   two   cards   at   a time   to   see   if   they   match,   right?   Good!   You’re   building   this.   At   a   minimum,   this   game should   include: ●A   game   board   that   displays   all   of   the   current   cards   face   down   in   a   random order. ●A   start   button   that   will   initiate   the   game. ●Cards   must   “flip”   or   “turn”   when   the   user   clicks   on   them. ●If   a   pair   of   matching   cards   has   been   selected,   remove   the   cards   from   the   playing board   after   a   short   time. ●If   a   pair   of   cards   does   not   match,   they   should   flip   back   to   being   face   down   after a   short   time. ●Must   include   a   reset   button   which   will   reset   the   game   board. ●Display   a   timer   that   will   notify   the   user   how   long   it   took   them   to   complete   the game. ●For   flipping   the   cards,   do   not   use   any   libraries   or   plugins. 
POS   WEBSITE (That   stands   for   Point-Of-Sale,   but   what   you   think   of   your   project   is   up   to   you.) Write   a   cash   register   or   self-service   application   for   some   consumer-driven   business. Obvious   choices   include   a   small   store,   a   coffee   shop,   or   a   fast   food   restaurant.   At   a minimum,   this   should   include: ●A   list   of   products   that   have   properties   for   name,   category,   description,   and price. ○There   must   at   least   10   different   products. ●Present   a   menu   to   the   user   and   let   them   choose   an   item   or   items   to   purchase. ○The   item(s)   the   user   will   buy   will   be   added   to   a   cart   until   they   are   ready for   checkout. ●Provide   a   way   for   the   user   to   check   out   and   view   their   cart. ●Give   the   subtotal,   sales   tax,   and   the   total. ●If   the   user   is   paying   in   cash,   ask   for   the   amount   tendered   and   provide   change. ●If   the   user   is   paying   with   a   card,   ask   for   the   card   number,   expiration,   and   CVV. ●Provide   a   receipt   for   the   payment   which   includes   the   item(s)   bought,   the subtotal,   total,   and   anything   else   of   interest. ●A   stretch   goal   is   to   implement   validation   for   credit   card   numbers... 
BUDGET BUDDY Create   an   application   that   allows   users   to   enter   their   weekly   budget   and   track   how much   is   left   based   on   their   purchases   throughout   the   week.   At   a   minimum,   this   should include: ●Displaying   the   user’s   weekly   budget   which   will   be   updated   every   time   a   new   item is   added   to   the   list   of   purchased   items. ●Allow   the   user   to   choose   between   four   categories   for   each   purchase. ○Entertainment ○Food ○Clothing ○Bills ●Must   indicate   to   the   user   how   much   money   has   been   spent,   which   requires   an easy-to-understand   layout. ●The   user   should   be   able   to   see   how   much   money   is   being   spent   on   each   of   the four   categories. ●If   their   budget   is   consumed   within   the   week,   they   must   be   notified   that   they cannot   purchase   additional   items. 